So, did you prepare for Jake cardio wise? Yeah, I worked hard.
Yeah, I did. But it was, I, I told you I started training for my, I mean,
once, once I had my hip surgery, they said, uh, you know,
for the first six weeks you can't even walk. Yeah. I,
and it was hard for me to listen to him. Cause by week four and a half five, I,
I was feeling pretty good. I wanna get my crutches, but I'm like, you know what,
this is for the rest of my life. And if you get the,
so if you get the real hip replacement, there's no wrestling.
There's no nothing. Mm-hmm <affirmative> right. So that's the next step, so,
okay. I'm gonna take this serious. So I do my crutches for the six weeks,
the next six weeks. It's still like really low weight bearing can't yeah.
Do anything, you know, so then I get done with the three months,
which is like January and I'm like, okay, I should start working out.
So I start riding a bike a little bit and then, okay, I'm now I'm fat. I'm fat.
I'm gonna get in better shape. Cause I haven't able do anything.
So I'm actually start working out and uh, and then that happened, right?
So I'm like, okay,
well now I got three months and it gives me a good reason to get back in shape.
And um, you know, I, I knew I wasn't gonna do be a full-time boxer.
So it's like, okay, how do I put a box in camp together? So I found, you know,
I had, I had my old teammate, Mike Rhode,
he came up and kind of lived with me ish kind of thing for three months.
Uh, I found a couple, this guy canine out of Michigan, he came over three weeks.
He was great. I went to Freddy RO for a week. So I kind of like, you know,
tried to get me good as ideas as I could. And my thought was like, okay,
well if this dude sucks, I can just be tough and you know, block a, you punches,
get him tired and then beat him up. If he's good.
That's probably not much of my do about in the next three months cuz I'm I'm I
was never good at boxing in the first place.
All of my stand up in mixed martial arts was predicated on how do I get through
the two or three punches that are gonna come at me in the time I need to get
ahold of them. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, it's only,
you only have to make two or three of them miss and then boom,
you're on top of 'em, at least for me. Um,
that was all my striking was predicated on it. Wasn't about, Hey,
I'm gonna do damage on the feet in order to make something else happen.
It was like, how do I clear this barrier get ahold of, of you? And if you, I,
I actually did the math one time. I think I gotta take down.
If you include the knockout round against miles vial,
I gotta take down every round except two. So it was like,
it was like 53 outta 55 rounds in MMA. I gotta take down. Wow. Somewhere,
somewhere in there.